rm: linux: Add a section on OSS compliance (#228)
foundriesio/docs: mkdocs/docs/reference-manual/linux/linux-oss-compliance.md

BSD-2-Clause), sed (GPLv3+), gmp (GPLv2+ | LGPLv3+), libidn2 ((GPLv2+ |
LGPLv3)), parted (GPLv3+), readline (GPLv3+), gawk (GPLv3), coreutils-stdbuf
(GPLv3+), findutils (GPLv3+), bc (GPLv3+), cpio (GPLv3), gzip (GPLv3+), ed
(GPLv3+), mc-helpers-perl (GPLv3)
```

The error says that, for image `lmp-factory-image`, a long list of packages
under GPLv3 are being installed, for example `bash`. The goal now to clear the
image from those dependencies.

## How to remove packages under GPLv3 family license

FoundriesFactory uses the `image-license-checker`_ approach. The only change
needed to configure the LmP to avoid using packages under GPL-3.0, LGPL-3.0 or
AGPL-3.0 license in final image.

Change the file `ci-scripts/factory-config.yml` to include the variable
`DISABLE_GPLV3: "1"` to the branches with the goal to disable GPLv3 packages.

```yaml
lmp:
  ref_options:
      refs/heads/master:
      params:
          DISABLE_GPLV3: "1"
      refs/heads/devel:
      params:
          DISABLE_GPLV3: "1"

mfg_tools:
  - machine: <machine>
      params:
      DISTRO: lmp-mfgtool
      EXTRA_ARTIFACTS: mfgtool-files.tar.gz
      IMAGE: mfgtool-files
      DISABLE_GPLV3: "0"
```

!!! Tip

>     It is be possible to use packages under GPLv3 to `mfgtool` targets only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    it is possible to enable or disable `DISABLE_GPLV3` on `mfgtool` targets as shown above.
```
